hey guys and welcome to Minecraft today
we're going I'm going to be showing off
a couple more tributes that I've been
working on that I finally got done so I
figured I would just put up this today
instead of an actual episode of my let's
play so yeah let's go check those out
and we'll see what do you think I'm
trying to think of what to do in my
minecraft letsplay still so that's why
I'm taking a break for today on it I
have some thinking to do before I decide
what I'm going to do with it
so
sorry about the loading it takes a while
stupid laggy so yeah here's the to UM
new Pixlr I've been working on um I just
finished the other day that is for one
of the channels I watch ldshadowlady who
is um there's dreaming to the other one
zackscottgames pixel art because um i
watch a lot of his videos so i threw
this together
um I loved watching both these channels
so I figured that I would so thanks by
building these so let me get good view
of each one separately
which is harder to do with these than
the other ones because of the size
there's one
so yeah I don't this is just a short
tribute video that I'm gonna put up in
place of my other video today and
hopefully I'm brought by Friday I will
have figured out what I'm going to do
with my let's play for Minecraft because
I really need to plan something out
better than just keep going in mining so
yeah that's about it for now until next
time goodbye